now the Philistines fought against
Israel and the men of Israel fled from
before the Philistines and fell swaying
on Mount Gilboa then the Philistines
followed hard after Saul and his sons
and the Philistines killed Jonathan
Abinadab and Malka sure Saul's sons the
battle became fierce and so the archers
hit it
Wow and he was severely wounded by the
archers and Saul said to his armor
bearer draw your sword and thrust me
through with it as this uncircumcised
men come and thrust me fool and abused
me
but his armor-bearer would not talk for
he was greatly afraid
therefore soul took a saw and fell and
when his armor-bearer saw that saul was
dead he also fell on his sword and died
with him
so Saul his three sons his armor-bearer
and all his men died together that same
day
and when the men of Israel who were on
the other side of the valley and those
who were on the other side of the Jordan
saw that the men of Israel had fled and
at Saul and his sons were dead they
forsook the cities and fled and the
Philistines came and dwelt in them so it
happened the next day when the
Philistines came to strip the slain but
they found Saul and his three sons
fallen on Mount Gilboa and they cut off
his head and stripped off his armor and
sent word throughout the land of the
Philistines to proclaim it in the temple
of their idols and among the people then
they put his armor in the temple of the
ashteroth and they fastened his body to
the wall of beth shean now when the
inhabitants of jabish Gilead heard what
the philistines had done to Saul all the
valiant men arose and traveled all night
and took the body of soul and the bodies
of his sons from the wall of beth shean
and they came to jabish and burned them
there then they took their bones and
buried them under the tamarisk tree at
jabish and fasted seven days
you